There are 6 houses, numbered 1 to 6 from left to right, as seen from across the street. Each house is occupied by a different person. Each house has a unique attribute for each of the following characteristics:
- Each person has a unique name: Eric, Arnold, Bob, Peter, Alice, Carol
- People have unique heights: very tall, tall, average, short, super tall, very short
- Each person has a unique birthday month: sept, may, jan, april, feb, mar
- People have unique hair colors: blonde, red, black, auburn, gray, brown
- People have unique favorite book genres: science fiction, romance, biography, mystery, fantasy, historical fiction
- Each person has a unique type of pet: bird, hamster, fish, dog, cat, rabbit

### Clues:
1. The person with an aquarium of fish is the person who loves mystery books.
2. The person who has black hair is the person who owns a dog.
3. The person who has gray hair is the person who loves science fiction books.
4. The person who loves historical fiction books is somewhere to the left of the person who has black hair.
5. The person who loves historical fiction books is directly left of the person who owns a rabbit.
6. The person whose birthday is in February is the person who owns a dog.
7. Bob is the person who keeps a pet bird.
8. The person who keeps a pet bird is the person who loves romance books.
9. Alice is directly left of the person who loves fantasy books.
10. The person who owns a rabbit is directly left of the person who is very short.
11. The person who is short is somewhere to the left of the person who is super tall.
12. The person who has an average height is in the sixth house.
13. The person who has red hair is not in the first house.
14. The person who is very tall is somewhere to the right of the person who is super tall.
15. There are two houses between the person who loves romance books and Eric.
16. The person with an aquarium of fish is in the sixth house.
17. The person who has blonde hair is the person who loves historical fiction books.
18. The person who is tall is somewhere to the right of the person whose birthday is in February.
19. The person who has auburn hair is Carol.
20. The person with an aquarium of fish is the person whose birthday is in March.
21. The person who loves science fiction books is directly left of the person with an aquarium of fish.
22. The person whose birthday is in September is not in the first house.
23. The person who loves biography books is directly left of the person who has a cat.
24. The person whose birthday is in January is the person who loves science fiction books.
25. Arnold is the person whose birthday is in May.